I saw you at the NBA all-star game in
February you were at the game and I went
up and said hello and I was with Tracy
Morgan and I introduced you to Tracy
Morgan and then you guys realize that
you grew up on the same block yeah we
from hybrids that's pretty crazy isn't
it
I mean that's to have two very famous
people from the same block I mean my
black make talented people you're
Alexandria Ocasio cortezes from the
Bronx as well are you familiar with her
I am very interested in politics is that
something that I'd be interested in
politics I always been interested in
politics but the thing is that it's like
now I gotta like be careful what I say
you know why why do you have to be
careful you've already said that your
vagina is broken you know this grows up
to something we might have to get rid of
her yeah yeah I didn't understand
feeling that way
I think Guillermo feels the same way you
know I also feel like you could be like
if you I decided to run for for mayor of
New York City I feel like you might not
you could actually win if you wanted to
does anything like that
I feel so you know what I'm saying but
it's like it's something that you have
to be extremely responsible for I see so
many things that I want to do like rats
raccoons want to get rid of them oh you
want to get rid of the rats a raccoon
yeah are there a lot of raccoons around
it's like it's I don't know where they
came from
they're everywhere and you know what
something about the rats like they
scared of you but the raccoons they're
not scared oh yeah they're not it does
look at you like why are you in my
backyard is I garbage I think an
anti-rattle raccoon platform is a strong
one to go from no seriously it's really
annoying
well I think they probably feel the same
way about us thanks for watching if you
like that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings